Add CHANGELOG entry for the errors thrown at component instantiation (#4371)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

- [#3491: Update Review app to import `govuk-frontend` via local package](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/3491)
- [#3498: Remove built `dist` and `package` from source](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/3498)

> #### Check for errors at component initialisation in your browser console

Reviewer: 'Yes' to this suggestion

> GOV.UK Frontend JavaScript components now let you know of the following errors during their instantiation:

Reviewer: Another option. But at present this one suggests the components never provided errors before, which seems unlikely. This is mainly to show the option of splitting up the info into 2 sentences.

```suggestion
GOV.UK Frontend JavaScript components now provide errors. The following list shows the type of errors and the situations in which they occur:
```

> GOV.UK Frontend JavaScript components now let you know of the following errors during their instantiation:

Reviewer 2: Nope, no errors before!

If we go with that last suggestion, we'd likely want to style the list like:

- `SupportError`, when GOV.UK Frontend is not supported in the current browser
- etc

To ensure the components behave as intended, we encourage you to have a look in your browser console and make any adjustment necessary to your markup or configuration for fixing these errors.

These changes were introduced in:

- [pull request #4030: Throw `SupportError` when instantiating components where GOV.UK Frontend is not supported](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4030)
- [pull request #4104: Throw `ElementError` when the module is not of the expected type](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4104)
- [pull request #4177: Add `MissingElementError` and use it within the Skip Link](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4177)
- [pull request #4199: Throw `ElementError` when "Exit this page" button is missing](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4199)
- [pull request #4206: Throw `ElementError` when the menu of the header is missing but a toggle is present](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4206)

> - [pull request #4236: Throw `E`lementError` for missing elements during Character count instantiation](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4236)

Reviewer 3: Got a little typo on the E

- [pull request #4261: Throw `ElementError` for missing elements during Character count instantiation](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4261)
- [pull request #4266: Throw errors during accordion initialisation](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4266)

> - [pull request #4176: Throw `ConfigError` when component configs are invalid](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4176)

Author: No strong opinion on that. If that helps, the order they are in is the one from the epic (excluding potential ordering mistakes while I was working on the list). If we prefer the numbers to go increasing, that's also fine by me 😊

> - [pull request #4176: Throw `ConfigError` when component configs are invalid](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4176)

Reviewer: Number order seems to fine to me. The only time I'd do it differently is if the PRs had a logical order they had to happen in that wasn't numerical.
